Drew (Puzzle): Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: So just record the meeting for.
Drew (Puzzle): Nice.
Chloe Lannert: For the sake of posterity, and the folks who can't make it.
Drew (Puzzle): Cool, cool. Should we? Should we wait, or.
Chloe Lannert: Alright! Let's just jump right in. I mean, met Sasha last week to dig into the journey. And now this is their chance to see where you're at now.
Drew (Puzzle): Yeah, I met some people last week, which was great. Was it God was that last week or 2 weeks ago.
Chloe Lannert: 2 weeks.
Drew (Puzzle): 2 weeks ago. Okay.
Chloe Lannert: Did. I was.
Drew (Puzzle): Like, I'm losing time.
Drew (Puzzle): Yeah, tweak it.
Chloe Lannert: We're moving.
Drew (Puzzle): It's crazy. Yeah. But for sake of recording and the few people here if you didn't meet me last week, my name is Drew Lincoln. I lead our some of our partnerships here. Puzzle puzzle is modern accounting for early stage startups and founders like yourself.
Drew (Puzzle): So I'm gonna talk a little bit today about accounting one on one I have a little presentation. I'm gonna share. If I could share my screen
Drew (Puzzle): and then we'll go from there.
Drew (Puzzle): slideshow. There we go!
Drew (Puzzle): Everybody see my screen.
Chloe Lannert: All looks good.
Drew (Puzzle): Awesome cool guys.
Drew (Puzzle): for sake of legal formatting, and every all that. I am not an accountant. I am not a cpa. Let it be known that financial advice should be from somebody else. But this is specifically for founders. Typically Delaware, c corp startups.
Drew (Puzzle): And again, not accounting or tax advice. Always consult a professional
Drew (Puzzle): need to need to throw that out there so real quick intro. I'm calling you guys from probably not too far away from most of you. I'm in San Francisco just downtown in our office here. But I've been in the bay about 11 plus years I've been through a founding team at Y Combinator, got acquired by a company called Cross Team. I'm through. Been through the plug and play tech
Drew (Puzzle): accelerated on Sunnyvale sadly, have not been through techstars. But maybe that's the next next one and then I started my career at yelp early on so high level, this is what really what we're gonna be talking about. About puzzle and kind of how accounting really works. So so I'm moving the zoom zoom windows all over the place. So
Drew (Puzzle): what do founders really need to know about accounting? So we're gonna go over what accounting is why and when specifically, it's important, we're gonna see some dates. This will be very kind of you know I did.
Drew (Puzzle): I've done this report a a few different times, and it was a lot different, you know, couple of weeks ago, as opposed to today for obvious reasons, with tax season behind us now, and we'll go through kind of some top faqs from founders. We'll walk through a quick demo of puzzle. I know some of you are already using it. And then
Drew (Puzzle): I come from a go to market background. So I have that kind of as as a bonus round, or any kind of Q&A's. Maybe we'll get into that new puzzle signal, Chloe I was talking about as well.
Drew (Puzzle): So who has to do accounting
Drew (Puzzle): everybody you have to do it. It's not. It's not fun I get it, but it's 1 of those things that every company has to do it. So beginning of the year. If your startup is incorporated as a C. Corp, you will need to file corporate taxes. You might not need to pay taxes, especially at techstars kind of early stage. You might not.
Drew (Puzzle): you know, pre revenue even.
Drew (Puzzle): but you do need to file them right? So what is accounting again. I'm not an accountant. I did not take accounting classes in college. I maybe I'm curious from the group here who has taken any accounting classes before.
Drew (Puzzle): Chris, I knew it.
Drew (Puzzle): Andrew, awesome.
Drew (Puzzle): Yeah to
Drew (Puzzle): well, we don't have too many folks. But yeah, there's more than usual to be honest, actually, so of course, like
Drew (Puzzle): we didn't learn this in school. I didn't learn this in school unless you're actively going to be an accountant or maybe you're a Econ major, and you did like single class of accounting. It didn't come up in college that often. So it's really important to understand what encompasses accounting. And these are kind of the 3 areas when you're thinking about accounting and taxes. Irs, we just passed tax day
Drew (Puzzle): very topical for startups and early stage founders fundraising valuation, and then more on the financial planning and analysis which you'll, you know, if you're going further up market. Maybe at that seed to series a thinking about outsourcing to a Cfo or something like that. So all this is prepared by bookkeepers. But these are the 3 major kind of areas of what accounting really means.
Drew (Puzzle): So what goes into accounting? You've probably seen a lot of these different Logos here. A lot of these folks are our own partners. So whether you have a a bank, or maybe a payroll, or maybe you're a b 2 b saas startup and stripe is what you rely on with all things. Revenue payments, cash. Spend payroll. Probably not there yet. Customer payments, of course, but maybe you create all your bills through bill.com or ramp, and and maybe you're looking at a few of these tools right now.
Drew (Puzzle): we implement entirely into all those tools, really, where puzzle or anything like puzzle but accounting or general ledger.
Drew (Puzzle): That is where all of these really inputs live in one place. So it's really important to have. Okay. My cash is over there. My spend is over there. My payroll is over here. It's really vital to be able to.
Drew (Puzzle): You know whether you're on spreadsheets or not. That's typically when I'm talking to folks early at this stage that hey? We're on spreadsheets. That's fine for now. I guess I'm I'm biased to say, that's not fine. But you know, eventually, you're gonna need some sort of accounting software or a general ledger. Something like quickbooks to be able to accommodate, not just knowing, and you know your financial clarity, but also being able to
Drew (Puzzle): hire a cpa. Hire an accountant, get a bookkeeper further down the road, because this is what that accounting will allow you to do is to see that income statement. Understand what a balance sheet is P. And L. As well profit and loss and a cash flow statement.
Drew (Puzzle): Also, by the way, guys, if you guys do have any questions, please feel free to throw them in the chat. Happy to go one by one. We'll have a QA. At the end as well, but
Drew (Puzzle): keeping it kind of pretty high level
Drew (Puzzle): in, in terms of what the 3 financial statements are right pretty self explanatory. But income. We all like income income sales, expenses anything that comes in monthly. The balance sheet, of course, is what you owe versus what you own. So understand that over own, and then cash flow statement. So any kind of summary of cash in and out is what encompasses those 3 financial statements. So
Drew (Puzzle): cash accrual. Does anyone know the difference in terms of who? Well, we can have the differences here right here. But in specific who this might be applicable to cash basis should be applicable to large or small businesses.
Drew (Puzzle): Not all at once.
Drew (Puzzle): Anyone know
Drew (Puzzle): small businesses. Correct, Chloe. I saw on mute. You were about to say it. Small businesses for cash, large businesses for accrual. So you're at this stage. Most of you are only going to really be thinking about
Drew (Puzzle): cash. So what's the difference? Well, it it you can do both in in puzzle by the way. But cash income expenses are recorded when income is received or expenses are paid, so when cash changes hands. Pretty self explanatory approval is when it's being recorded when they're billed and earned regardless if the money is actually
Drew (Puzzle): received, approval.
Andrew Fernandes: Question.
Drew (Puzzle): Yes.
Andrew Fernandes: I've been kind of marking since we do annual subscriptions more of accrual basis. And then marking it to months.
Andrew Fernandes: I kind of assume that would be typical for subscription type businesses. What do you startups typically do say, sas sas startups with annual subscriptions.
Drew (Puzzle): Excellent Daniel subscriptions. Then they typically will do cash.
Drew (Puzzle): But it's there. It's kind of completely up to you.
Drew (Puzzle): Where it also depends on what your I mean. Anything else is touching your your business. So like invoices and any kind of bills or vendor payments do you currently use accounting software right now, or where are you doing your? I guess your banking and and payments stripe? I'm guessing.
Andrew Fernandes: You're you're cutting in and out. But I think you're saying, Yeah, we use stripe for billing. Currently, we are just kind of doing it like out of excel. For now.
Drew (Puzzle): Got it. Okay.
Drew (Puzzle): yeah. You can change it within within puzzle it it with. If it's for cool or cash, you can do both. Most early stage startups are are cash, are you?
Drew (Puzzle): Sounds like you're revenue, positive.
Andrew Fernandes: Yeah, excuse me.
Drew (Puzzle): Got it. So yeah, accrual is fine. If if you're at that point, if you're pre revenue, then cash is typically where most startups.
Drew (Puzzle): Sorry.
Andrew Fernandes: Okay.
Drew (Puzzle): Yeah, it's a good question there.
Drew (Puzzle): small, large.
Drew (Puzzle): So I know you do that. Yep, cash approval. Yep.
Drew (Puzzle): cool. So primary accounting roles. What are all these
Drew (Puzzle): roles actually mean? So one thing to you know, the biggest takeaway here, and thinking about accounting is everything about accounting is in the past.
Drew (Puzzle): It has already happened. That is why we have a rear view mirror. It's always looking about kind of a
Drew (Puzzle): a history of
Drew (Puzzle): anything that has touched your finances and within your business. So within the different roles, we have bookkeepers, and they're the ones who are focusing on the accounts. Categorizing transactions they can run, payroll
Drew (Puzzle): puzzle. Does a lot of this automated especially for early stage startups? The actual accountant themselves which you will need eventually does a little bit more higher level focus. So
Drew (Puzzle): if you're at Andrew stage doing more of accrual accounting, or you know, gaap compliance and then controller, pretty self explanatory. But they were responsible for overseeing a lot of the accounting they control. Really, everything ensuring the reports are complete and accurate.
Drew (Puzzle): Then we focus a little bit more on Cfos, and that's probably further on your, you know series A series B, I'd say. You see a lot of folks outsourcing kind of Cf Cfo services today. But they're the ones who are more in depth on the strategy for the company. Financial Ops, thinking about budget models where we're spending where companies are spending especially when it gets to. You know, a significant raise at the series A or B or C range.
Drew (Puzzle): So what does the bookkeeper actually do.
Drew (Puzzle): Well, they're the ones who are. Really. Again, focusing on the the categorizing transactions. So let's say you have a bank. A few different bank accounts, maybe a few credit cards categorization. They kind of need to be categorized in different places.
Drew (Puzzle): public on a serves as your like bookkeeper light, but they also will serve as paying your bills, running your payroll during financial reports, understanding your balance sheet. P. And L. Reviewing and reviewing and file. You know any kind of tax credits which puzzle does not do. But we do create a tax package for you. So when the time does come, you can find an accountant or Cpa to to do those tax services for you.
Drew (Puzzle): bookkeepers do not file taxes. They don't build financial models. So any kind of budgeting or forecasts. They don't do that.
Drew (Puzzle): That's a little bit more on the again counted, or Cfo side of things.
Drew (Puzzle): Any questions so far.
Drew (Puzzle): All good thanks, guys.
Drew (Puzzle): You know why, it's counting.
Chloe Lannert: Amazing.
Drew (Puzzle): What's it?
Drew (Puzzle): Sorry?
Chloe Lannert: These these folks are already Cfos, and they know absolutely everything. And they're.
Drew (Puzzle): Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: Perfect.
Drew (Puzzle): You guys are taxing.
Chloe Lannert: Complete, thrilled.
Drew (Puzzle): Exactly.
Drew (Puzzle): It's all about having your clean.
Drew (Puzzle): clean books right having your numbers right there. So
Drew (Puzzle): so here we're gonna talk about well, why it.
Drew (Puzzle): you know why, it's important. Of course we're gonna talk about when things go well, and then when things just don't go so well and we'll talk about important dates and things to know, and we'll be already prepared for this anyway, because we've got about a year a little less than than the next tax day. But there are some other dates that are closer than you might actually believe. So top reasons why accounting goes well, well, if you can automate it.
Drew (Puzzle): It really helps you obviously improve more money improving your business. That's obvious. More time improves your business. You guys are all founders. You didn't have to focus on whether or not your books are clean and and think about your P. And L, or your balance sheet, or being an account quite frankly, you need to focus on building, talking to your customers.
Drew (Puzzle): ensuring that your product is is moving along on your roadmap. So what accounting also allows you to do is have credibility for investors.
Drew (Puzzle): well, you mentioned, you know, trying to pull numbers from different startups, and how difficult it is. On both ends right within the database, but also within any text, our founders being, you know, hey, what are your what are your latest numbers.
Chloe Lannert: 100, and
Chloe Lannert: like this is a reporting requirement. Texters has a reporting requirement. You need to submit your financials quarterly for the duration of the life of this business. All your other investors will require it as well. The better you're able to get a handle on this early, the less awful it'll be because Texters won't
Chloe Lannert: chase you.
Chloe Lannert: Other investors will, like other investors.
Drew (Puzzle): So they or they, or if you're not even at that point of of being chased
Drew (Puzzle): they won't take you seriously quite frankly. I mean you mean they won't. They'll stop chasing you at at the end of the day. You'll be wanting to chase them but if you can get your books in order.
Chloe Lannert: Totally. If you have a smaller Vc. Who like doesn't get their financial updates after they've given you a check, why would they introduce you to fall on investors. Also
Chloe Lannert: a huge sort of onus for us pushing this financials. Conversation so hard is like in the last 30 days I've had to sit down literally on the ground with a founder and calculate out the fact that they had 60 days of runway left, which they didn't
Chloe Lannert: literally on the ground in my living room, like.
Drew (Puzzle): Wow!
Chloe Lannert: Papers on the floor, and I don't want to do that again.
Chloe Lannert: You guys are gonna.
Drew (Puzzle): Okay.
Chloe Lannert: Well ahead. It's not going to be 60 days to save the company.
Chloe Lannert: That's the onus for for all of this I know we've been hounding you with financial stuff. It is really, really life or death.
Drew (Puzzle): And it's never been easier to automate a lot of these things. So
Drew (Puzzle): yeah, that sounds pretty brutal.
Drew (Puzzle): I think I was. We my 1st startup. We were Brexit just come out, and it was like great to kind of have this like corporate credit card. But then we started using ramp. And then we realized that we were just implementing all into Excel. And
Drew (Puzzle): yeah, we had a runway. We had a runway issue but at the end of the day. It's about really impressing your investors, but also ensuring, you know, burn runway. You know those numbers off, you know easily, and you can. You can access those numbers not just 15 days after every month from your accountant, but you can log into puzzle and access them, or your general ledger at any time, right? Obviously, hitting company goals is really important. And then this is something we talk about. But, like
Drew (Puzzle): puzzle was built for the founder, but it allows you to kind of gain that credibility to. I'm not just a founder. I'm now a a CEO right
Drew (Puzzle): allows you to grow, gives you more credibility, and of course more money. So that's all well and good. But here's what things, when things don't go well,
Drew (Puzzle): Chloe just gave us a an insight into what doesn't go. Well, we right can. It's all based on history. So you know, it could be weeks, months of makeup work. Terrible use of your time. If it's more on the tax front of and we'll look at different dates that are really important, but massive penalties or noncompliance
Drew (Puzzle): back to investors and fundraising. This can lower shareholder value this. You could lose term sheets and deals, because this, if you're not, you don't have your numbers in order.
Drew (Puzzle): you know. I don't want to go the worst route, but fired or run out of payroll. This was
Drew (Puzzle): payroll stops runway stops your company folds. Fired isn't necessarily, but the you know the way to go. But yeah, this is the dark. This is the dark side of of accounting. That's very real right? And even no matter how much almost, you've raised. So
Drew (Puzzle): when is encountering important. So these are, you guys know the April 15th date. But
Drew (Puzzle): as a lot of our kind of customer success team here, there are all former Cpas. So I typically ask them, I'm like, so when is when does like they should start accounting, or, you know, start really thinking about accounting. Of course they're like
Drew (Puzzle): they're all Cpa. So they're like yesterday, like it's never too early it it day one. It's easier to remember. Find your receipts. Every dollar you don't want to be on the ground looking for different receipts and finding things. It's all automated today.
Drew (Puzzle): You know, any any modern general ledger accounting software today has all of these, you know automations within your banks.
Drew (Puzzle): your stripe revenue payments, whatever it is.
Drew (Puzzle): The required dates here. So it depends on your business. But January 31, st if if you have 1099 as employees, that's when you're filing that January 31st March 1st is anywhere, any Delaware franchise tax.
Drew (Puzzle): Probably most folks already know that. And then April 15th is the general Federal and State corporate tax. It can be extended. Of course. Maybe there's a few people who have filed their extension, and they still have to do taxes. But that's typically October 15, th
Drew (Puzzle): Demo. Actually, before I get into that, any questions about
Drew (Puzzle): accounting, accounting one on one. Anything in here that you guys would like to go back into.
Carlo Scaglia: Yeah, I was wondering, how do you sort of like balance platforms out like puzzle with like
Carlo Scaglia: accountants that do the filing and all of that stuff with end of year.
Drew (Puzzle): Yeah, that's a good question. So there's kind of 2,
Drew (Puzzle): you know, I was, gonna say, 2 pieces to the puzzle but essentially, puzzle serves as right here your your accounting and general ledger. It's kind of your base for implementing all of your financial data into one place. It will automate essentially like 98% of what you need to do as a business owner.
Drew (Puzzle): That extra 2% is when you would outsource to an accountant and a bookkeeper, so that would live then as a service on top
Drew (Puzzle): of puzzle or quickbooks, or something like that, right? So we we have a marketplace of 10,000 plus accountants and Cpas that we would recommend, based on your goals and the type of business you have.
Drew (Puzzle): but that's they're all puzzle, certified. They use puzzle, and
Drew (Puzzle): we kind of have a whole accounting channel.
Carlo Scaglia: Who's that?
Carlo Scaglia: Thanks.
Drew (Puzzle): Yeah, do you have? Does anyone have a Cpa or accountant already?
Drew (Puzzle): Carlo, yeah, are you a Cpa account? Or you have, or you have already have one.
Carlo Scaglia: No, I I have one.
Drew (Puzzle): Got it. Got it.
Carlo Scaglia: Yeah, yeah.
Drew (Puzzle): So it it kind of depends on on them in what they use already. Right? They might already use quickbooks. Or you say, Hey, I'm using puzzle, and they can use puzzle, too. Right?
Carlo Scaglia: Yeah. The another quick question does puzzle like, is it just for us based companies.
Drew (Puzzle): Us incorporated companies. You don't don't necessarily need to be based here. But Us. Incorporated. Yeah, we have a lot of companies from all over the world, but they're incorporated in the United States.
Drew (Puzzle): Antoine.
Antoine Carriere: It's a variation of that question. And it was about like, our company is incorporated in France, and so
Antoine Carriere: there's no way we can. We can use puzzle. Is that right?
Drew (Puzzle): Correct. Not right now. Unfortunately, but it needs to be a Us. Incorporate business.
Drew (Puzzle): Not necessarily, Delaware, but just us. Incorporated. Yeah, we have a lot of different partners that we partner with. That are incorporated partners so like folks like Stripe Alice or Clerkey, or Dooley are great options, but happy to if you, if you're interested in that.
Chloe Lannert: Is that limitation gonna change anytime soon.
Drew (Puzzle): Good question. Not in the immediate. Probably. Within this year, I would say, we're we're focused on a lot of different things with automation and revenue recognition. The puzzle signal I I showed you or emailed you about earlier. But for Vcs and accelers. But multi entity, multi currency, these types of things we're a little more focused on 1st and foremost before
Drew (Puzzle): outside us. Corporate, because you can be, you know, based in Paris and incorporate in the United States. And you might, you know, work in Euros and Us. Usd, and maybe Canadian dollars as well. Right? So we ensure that those folks can.
Drew (Puzzle): and still operate.
Chloe Lannert: Pillar.
Antoine Carriere: And so just just to be sure, the reason why you have that Us incorporated is if we file in the Us. That's what you cover. If we don't file in the Us. You don't cover.
Drew (Puzzle): Correct.
Antoine Carriere: Thank you.
Drew (Puzzle): Yep, thank you.
Drew (Puzzle): Alright, guys, I am going to
Drew (Puzzle): do a quick demo. Can you guys still see my screen?
Chloe Lannert: Looks, good.
Drew (Puzzle): Cool.
Drew (Puzzle): I'm happy to happy to set up a time with our sales team or myself. If you guys would like to do a demo. But this is super high level. This is our demo environment. I'm going to show you just typically how people would walk through this and get started. Again. The only prerequisite to use puzzle is a bank account.
Drew (Puzzle): So if you have a Brex account, you have a Mercury account, if you have a B of a account doesn't matter. We have integration with all of them. So here I'm going to put myself as a founder. Might change a little bit. And then I'm gonna actually focus on
Drew (Puzzle): yeah, here we go. So
Drew (Puzzle): at this point I have. Maybe I have a Brex credit card. I have 2 Mercury accounts. I have gusto payroll, and I have stripe for all of my
Drew (Puzzle): tracking of revenue payments. Within 5 min puzzle is going to automate all of your financial numbers in one clean dashboard. This is completely customizable. But typically this is what most of our users who are founders like to see where my cash is. My net. Earn my runway rate here, my 2 Mercury accounts to where my cash is focused on my net burn. I can see my 3 month average, my last month total, of course, my my run runway rate, which is 9 months, which is like.
Drew (Puzzle): okay, not great. Maybe. Maybe looking at a a you know a little bit of a raise pretty soon, or.
Drew (Puzzle): you know, finding some cuts, or maybe I have to focus a little bit more on my my net burn, or my revenue, of course, up into the right. We like to see that which is great. And then high level cash activity, of course. Where I can get more of compact summary detailed can see where my books have been closed. I can see my P. And L. And then, of course, my my balance sheet. If I do want to export this Carlo for your example, you have,
Drew (Puzzle): you can do all your accounting in here. If you want to send any of this documentation, or you can give your accountant actually puzzle access.
Drew (Puzzle): But, like, let's say it's tax package time. You can download this as a Pdf or Csv, and you can send this directly to your account or Cpa
Drew (Puzzle): again. Anything that touches your finances will live in in puzzle. So we've kind of broken it down into a few different areas. So if it's just high level accounting, and see your general ledger where you just manage
Drew (Puzzle): you know anything that is cash basis or a cool basis chart of accounts, any kind of revenue. This would be coming invoices through stripe
Drew (Puzzle): and then, of course, expenses, maybe through ramp or bill.com.
Drew (Puzzle): Do you have payroll?
Drew (Puzzle): Let me set up with gusto or something. It might live right here. You guys are probably not at that stage yet. But that's kind of a high, level overview of puzzle. Again, we have a customer success manager, that will walk you through this. It is a self service product. You don't need to be an accountant or Cpa to be able to use this. And that's
Drew (Puzzle): purpose built for founders. If you do get to that point of needing an account, our customer success team will help you find an accountant, but we do have a marketplace of of 10,000 plus Cpas and accountants to help on the bookkeeping and and tax services side.
Drew (Puzzle): Any questions or anything that caught your eye. Maybe while I was demoing here that you have a question about, or count.
Chloe Lannert: I have a comment. I was Googling, if I could use this for you made the blood rush out of my face with the franchise tax being due in March.
Chloe Lannert: and I was like, Oh, fuck! I googled it. Mine isn't until June I had June.
Drew (Puzzle): Good.
Chloe Lannert: Train, and I'm really glad I was right on that. But
Chloe Lannert: Because of that fear I was Googling puzzles free. If you're burning out of 5 KA month. I'm going to do this for my like dumb little Llc.
Drew (Puzzle): Yeah, if you're under 5. K, good. Yeah. One. Chloe, I'm glad you're that's okay. June. I'm glad that's true. And then yeah. Good point. If you're under 5 K and expenses puzzle is free and that's actually it gets kind of gets me next next point. I think I've some people that I met at least last week.
Drew (Puzzle): You know we do have a great partnership with techstar. So any, you know, if you guys do want to get started, it is 50% off for our 12 month insights plan.
Drew (Puzzle): So that's $50. Typically, so that'd be $25 a month just to get started. So it allows you essentially to do everything that I showed you. And then let me put the
Drew (Puzzle): so this didn't see chat, so you guys can access it.
Drew (Puzzle): Oh, saw Antoine! Thanks, Antoine.
Drew (Puzzle): and then, Buddy, this is actually what I was. I'd sent to you. In terms of the
Drew (Puzzle): puzzle signal actually, is what I'm at least what we're calling it right now. Essentially, this would be able to have a health score for your portfolio, and understanding all of your financial health scores. So how many integrations were connected but high level? How is my business doing.
Drew (Puzzle): One thing that we focused on is is giving you AI kind of AI Chatbot feedback.
Drew (Puzzle): Essentially.
Drew (Puzzle): how is my business doing? Where should I focus, you know, off the top of my head if I saw my runway rate? Is Jan. This coming January
Drew (Puzzle): comparative to my revenue? I might, you know, have a forecastable.
Drew (Puzzle): you know, mo moment, or kind of some sort of analysis where it would give me a recommendation on where I should focus more of my time.
Drew (Puzzle): at least from the finances. But
Chloe Lannert: So quick clarification is signal. The
Chloe Lannert: the portfolio side view, or is that what founders.
Drew (Puzzle): That's the portfolio sides view. So I'm sorry. That would. That's what founders would send to their investors.
Chloe Lannert: Perfect. Okay. Cool.
Drew (Puzzle): Yeah, it would give them kind of a high level view point. Because
Drew (Puzzle): I'm sure all these founders can can agree. Do they want their investors, seeing their entire balance sheet at any given time? Probably not. Most likely not do. They need to. No. Should they see that maybe their high level numbers. Yeah, that's probably fine.
Chloe Lannert: Just to see they're on the right. The right track.
Drew (Puzzle): So you guys, yeah, links in there feel free to to check it out again. It's a techstars, 50 within using the code, 50% off on our insights plan for the entire year. And if you're, you know, we
Drew (Puzzle): start with a 14 day free trial either way. So you guys can check it out and then if your expenses are under 5 k, like Chloe, you can just try it out for free.
Drew (Puzzle): Yeah, that's all I had really had. If you guys had any other questions.
Drew (Puzzle): let me know, Chloe, I don't know if you want. If you had any more for me.
Chloe Lannert: Just high level? Is everyone good on their taxes?
Drew (Puzzle): Yeah?
Drew (Puzzle): Good? Question.
Chloe Lannert: Yes.
Chloe Lannert: I'm I'm not seeing signs of life, and that's stressing me out as someone who messed up my own.
Drew (Puzzle): Yeah, it's good. Andrew seems good. Chris.
Chloe Lannert: Okay, this is like this whole session is fueled by my own fear of my like personal finances, and like needing to make sure that you all aren't getting in trouble with Delaware like like I might be.
Drew (Puzzle): The irs, yeah.
Chloe Lannert: I had to.
Drew (Puzzle): You'll be, you'll be all right.
Chloe Lannert: I didn't own check until this tax season.
Chloe Lannert: I just.
Drew (Puzzle): There you go!
Chloe Lannert: It. It was brutal, anyways.
Chloe Lannert: We all good. Any final questions.
Chloe Lannert: Easy, all right.
Drew (Puzzle): Cool.
Chloe Lannert: Happy Monday, thanks. Drew.
Drew (Puzzle): Yeah, guys happy. Monday, we'll probably do some more events in the bay. We're we're doing stuff around Chloe. I'm sure I'll see you guys around and yeah, Happy Monday. If you do any questions, let me know I'm drew at Puzzleio. Falls on Linkedin. Check the link. Yeah. Let me know.
Chloe Lannert: Awesome, appreciate it. Have a good one.
Drew (Puzzle): See you guys take care. Bye.
Chris Wong: Yeah.